the grass seems greener on the other
side of the hill
if you're in that tiny minority of
people who are
so attractive or for whatever reason so
adored by the public in the thousands
that you find
nobody can just be indifferent to your
appearance
and take you seriously for your ideas
you may find it
impossible to sympathize with the great
masses of humanity who
no matter how many photographs they put
on instagram
no matter how they may pose in their
bikinis they will receive
absolutely nothing but indifference
their whole lives long
and that great mass of humanity may say
to you you fool
don't you realize the only reason why
anyone is taking you seriously the only
reason why anyone is listening to your
ideas
about politics whatever it is you're
trying to be taken seriously for
the only reason why anyone is interested
in your talents as a comedian
are precisely because you are so
attractive
[Music]
done
hey guys frankie jacks here and booty
gate is in full swing
five years ago she made a couple of
commercials and she would either have
her shirt untucked like she's got right
here
or she'd be you know hiding that
buttocks
behind a set of headphones that are set
up on display
or they'd short from just the waist up
you know
whatever not a big deal except when you
see this picture here
you can tell there's a giant giant booty
right there
and to clarify for a couple of people
who said so in the last
you know comments of the last video i'm
not saying anything bad about it
i'm just saying it's large she seems to
be in charge
except att att's in charge of what
you're seeing they're not letting you
see the buttocks they're hiding it
they're hiding it and so you can see
she's sitting in a chair
who sits in a chair the entire time
they're doing a video like that she
you've never seen lily sit before weird
huh
look at that chair i think it's got a
booty reservoir
dug out to hide all that booty there's
a negative byproduct of that and
maybe it just has to be with being a
person on the internet or maybe it's
specific to being a woman
on the internet but
um it's because of your tits and so
listen
that's why i'm here all of these milk
and milkies comments and milk wagons and
all of that it hurts my feelings
and um it
i know um it's just dehumanizing
and a little objectifying and sad
makes me sad some of you have said to me
frank who cares big deal she's got a big
bud
well it's a big deal because att is
trying to hide it
only showing her from the waist up or
they're going ahead and uh
you know putting something covering you
know blocking our view of the buttocks
oh check this one out black view with
headphones
why place those headphones there unless
you don't want to show her gigantic
ass i know that part of what you guys
are trying to do
is be funny um
and like connect to each other and have
your community and like get props
from your friends
but it just really bums me out and i
would
much rather have like i don't know
real conversations with you and um
yeah and i guess i'm like continuing to
see the comments about the milkers and
the milk
and you know what um i guess that just
is proof that like you don't
actually care about how i feel and maybe
that's a no [ __ ] moment for me maybe i
assumed that coming on here and talking
to you would
get through and maybe it'll get through
to some people
how how should
a woman respond
to so many comments messages
i mean just comments now
on like how
boys and men want to
what they want to do to her body against
her will because let me tell you i am
not consenting to any of this
i do not want any of this
the photos that have like come out of me
that are super cleavagey
are like from a pool party i went to in
college over a decade ago
long time viewers this channel may be
expecting me to relate this story
to the recurrent theme of
fame and microfame the advantages and
disadvantages of fame
some of us have only the disadvantages
and not the advantages but no
for me this actually raises a few more
profound and interesting
uh issues in the year 2020
a lot of people have a sort of
mania for trying to control
what other people see
when they're looked upon and even to
control
why it is that other people
want to look at them what it is they're
looking at
why they're seeing
and it's self-evidently absurd to ever
try to control the hearts and minds of
your audience
be they adoring or cynical be they
appreciative
or contemptuous or dismissive the woman
in this case
was a comedian and today
nobody's talking about her comedy at
least
since the recent candidacy of bernie
sanders she has tried to refashion
herself as a bit of a
i don't know political leader um
speaking on
issues of the day and nobody's
interested interviews
on politics why are they addressed in
there
i had a female friend who was in this
peculiar category of people
whether you think of them as one percent
of the population or much less than one
percent of the population she was in the
category of people
um who could cause a large amount
of public interest if and when she put a
picture of herself
in a bathing suit on the internet and
she kind of
sunk into this mentality
that if people found her beautiful
there was something wrong with them that
she ought to be able to put
pictures of herself on the internet and
have
complete public indifference
in response of course the strange thing
about
hearing someone complain in this way is
like
don't you realize the vast majority of
women
and the vast majority of men when they
put pictures themselves internet
will only and always get indifference
and that you yourself one day if you
just live long enough into middle age or
old age
you will also know what it is like you
will enjoy this privilege that you
imagine
of being able to post pictures of
yourself the internet and have
absolutely nobody tell you that you're
beautiful have nobody get excited have
nobody freak out
because you're so attractive it's a very
very strange thing
but i can relate this minority of the
population whether they're one percent
or one half of one percent
who have some features whether it's of
their face or their body or what have
you
that you know gets them fame and acclaim
and excitement again
i shouldn't even say fame i mean this is
this is why i wanted to separate this
issue from from fame
being the prettiest girl in your school
is just relative to like 200 other girls
you're in school with being the
prettiest girl in your class
in high school maybe what 15 other girls
i was in a situation when i was a
language teacher in vien chen
the capital city of laos i was not
famous there was no fame in this story
what so i didn't i didn't have a website
okay i had a website i had a website
about linguistics
you know i didn't have a youtube channel
i didn't have a public uh
profile like this at a few essays that
are written on on the internet
stuff about ecology and language
research and the humanitarian workers
okay i had i admit i had a website okay
oh but any case i was i was not famous
in any way
but amongst the schlemiels who
ended up teaching languages
in this small poverty-stricken city in
southeast asia like
what type of men were there there there
were christian missionaries
uh there were australian alcoholics
there were tourists who had fallen in
love with local prostitutes and decided
to settle down
like it was a motley crew of different
types of guys you know
uh within that circus
i might have been the most appealing act
on stage
and people gossiped about me people
really got
and unlike the internet you get to see
the people who are gossiping
there was this woman and
she looked 55 but maybe she was just
she was aged really badly and she was
45. she looked 55 to 60
and she had no boyfriend and she had no
love life and
you know she lived a pretty miserable
shutting nobody wanted her and so on
and of course she she was the woman this
is a white western woman
she was the woman who was most obsessed
with making
up these stories about me and gossiping
about me and really
nasty stuff and during this period of
time i i knew this about this woman she
wasn't the only one but she was the most
motivated to make up stories and again
i'm not famous
and i know i know i'm not that good
looking
but it's all relative right who else is
who's more worth gospel who's who are
you going to be jealous of
you can be jealous of the prettiest girl
in your class that doesn't mean she's
pretty enough to get a contract
to be in a soap commercial doesn't mean
she's pretty enough to be the next att
spokesmodel or any of this crap right um
all right you know during this three
year period of my life say
i had two girlfriends i had one
girlfriend that went up for years
and then i broke up with her and there
was like a six month period
where i was single and then i got a new
girlfriend
and that's it there were no other women
in my life whatsoever
this 55 year old and bitter teacher
who's god's been above me
she took a side and gossiped to
my second of those two girlfriends in a
three-year period
and she didn't know this is my girl oh
you know he gets with a lot of
oh you know that guy you know what he's
up you know she was telling this story
and like she doesn't even real like your
gossip is so completely detached from
reality you don't realize
the woman you're gossiping to right now
is my second girlfriend like you don't
know who i've been dating
i haven't been dating anyone else in
that whole period there was a good chunk
of time where you know i chose to be
single and kind of get over the
the first breakup and you know figure
out what direction i was i was taking
like
you know that woman if you wonder why am
i so certain she talked about me this
way
behind my back um i grew a beard
this is the funniest thing okay this is
not a young she's 55 or
she looks 55 i know old she is right and
like
i went and met her with my girlfriend my
first of these two girlfriends in this
this period of time
i you know was at this event there were
other people around that stuff
and you know she starts talking to my
girlfriend
as if my girlfriend is cheating on me
with another man
you know it's rare people remember my
name and how to pronounce my name my
first name is eisel
she's like she takes my girlfriend's by
and she's like but tell me where where's
eisel like does he know you're here
she could not recognize me with
a full beard and you know
again this is in a third world country
in southeast asia there just aren't that
many
six foot three bald guys it's you know
there are a lot of other things you know
maybe she thought my ex-girlfriend had a
type or so anyway so i got to see
exactly how this woman operated what her
what her mentality was um
you know you can choose your friends
you know you don't get to choose your
enemies no
um you don't get to choose whether you
are loved or hated you get to choose
whether you are
known or unknown and when you make that
decision
to become known to become a public
figure
you don't get to choose what it is that
you're known
for right you may choose that you
you may choose to be a comedian as this
woman did but nobody cares about your
comedy nobody thinks your comedy's funny
they think you're a beauty icon they
think you're gorgeous that's what
they're interested in
you may choose to be a political figure
and nobody cares they think you're
beautiful or could be the opposite
you're
trying to be a serious political leader
and people think you're funny be with
your comedian
the grass seems greener on the other
side of the hill
if you're in that tiny minority of
people who are
so attractive or for whatever reason so
adored by the public in the thousands
that you find
nobody can just be indifferent to your
appearance
and take you seriously for your ideas
you may find it
impossible to sympathize with the great
masses of humanity who
no matter how many photographs they put
on instagram
no matter how they may pose in their
bikinis they will receive
absolutely nothing but indifference
their whole lives long
and that great mass of humanity may say
to you you fool
don't you realize the only reason why
anyone is taking you seriously the only
reason why anyone is listening to your
ideas
about politics whatever it is you're
trying to be taken seriously for the
only reason why anyone is interested in
your talents as a comedian
are precisely because you are so
attractive
you don't get to choose why you're loved
you don't get to demand to be adored on
your own terms you don't get to choose
people's
motivations for why they pay attention
to you why
and how people look at you what it is
they want to see
and what it is they actually see these
things are of course
outside of our control and yet it seems
in 2020 we have this peculiar media
we want to believe that we can control
this one thing that we can have fame on
our
terms that we can have only the
advantages without the disadvantages
well the great mass of humanity is only
entitled to share in the disadvantages
and the advantages we have none at all
um here's how to handle make your
milkers your identity once you show
people
their words have the power to hurt you
they'll never stop doing it
ah so just so this is actually like
showing people my
my weaknesses showing people that i have
feelings is actually just gonna make
people wanna hurt my feelings even more
okay if you ask me why i make youtube
videos i'd probably say because it's fun
and it helps people and it's some kind
of creative outlet but in reality a big
part of why i'm a youtuber is because i
secretly love
the money the fame and the social status
that it gives me is this cute right now
should i just take this off